In the following there are some rules to follow for Final Project assigments and other issues about distribution of provided materials.

1 - Assignments
Final Projects are assigned to each student. Student shall provide a parallel version of an algorithm with both "OpenMP + MPI" and "OpenMP + Cuda" approaches, comparing results with a known solution on single-processing node. Results and differences shall be discussed for different inputs (type and size). The parallel algorithm used in "OpenMP + MPI" solution could not be the same of the "OpenMP + CUDA" approach.

2 - Project Contents
The project must include: 

Materials required by  Assignments in other sections. The Requirements of each assignment are in  pages with the prefix:

Common-Assignment: 

Materials to provide ever include a report (pdf) and source code of the project



3 - Information to include in assets
All Assets must include: 

Surnames and Names of the students, their IDs and their e-mails
The Name of the assignment
The Name of the lecturer (Course Lecturer: Surname, Name, e-mail)
The requirements of the Assignment
A proper license agreement (see point 4)
All references to any kind of bibliography must be included at the end of the report (and referenced through the report).
For Source Code (Minimum requirement): 

A Makefile for the whole project
Makefile must include at least the following targets: all, clean, test. "all" is for compilation and linking of the whole project; "clean" is for removing objects, executables and temporary files;  "test" is for execution of test cases
Separated Headers, Source,  Build and Data directories. Data Directory has to contain input workload data if any
All code has to be documented (APIs, inner description, choices made, behaviors, variables use and meanings etc.
Students must "test" their code and test cases must be reported in the project
Execution options have to be provided externally (in the report) and by on-line help
a README text file in the project must describe how to compile and use the provided source codes, and how to reproduce results and performance evaluation required in the Assignments.
If any part of the source code is from other open-source projects, the source must be reported and original license instructions must be followed . 
All files has to include:
At the very beginning: the license (GPLv3 ... see the next point) for the file.
Surnames and Names of the students, their IDs and their e-mails
The Name of the assignment
The Name of the lecturer (Course Lecturer: Surname, Name, e-mail)
The requirements of the Assignment
The purpose of the file



4 - Licenses of Provided Material 
Source code must be provided with a GPLv3 license (https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)
PDF report must be provided with a Creative Commons "Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International" (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode) (Students have to provide the logo of the license too in the frontmatter)

5 - Material Upload.
Each group will upload its own material on the proper activity in the e-learning platform